chore: add warning when running cibuildwheel with python<3.11 (#2050)
pypa/cibuildwheel: README.md

What does it do?
----------------

> While cibuildwheel itself requires a recent enough python version to run, it can target the following versions to build wheels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While cibuildwheel itself requires a recent Python version to run (we support the last three releases), it can target the following versions to build wheels:
```
